Date
Calendar Date of transaction.  Values in this R analysis presented as Excel Serial values.

DoW M=1
Transaction's Day of the Week, where 1 = Monday.  Values are integers 1 - 7.

Local Time
Local time at the place of expenditure to the nearest quarter hour.  Not included in 
	this R analysis.

Country
Country where transaction took place, if not an online transaction.  These values are 
	currently incomplete, but as of 12 July 2018 I am working to backfill so I can do some
	GIS analysis.  Not included in this R analysis.

State
State where transaction took place, if not an online transaction.  These values are 
	currently incomplete, but as of 12 July 2018 I am working to backfill so I can do some
	GIS analysis.  Not included in this R analysis.

City
City where transaction took place, if not an online transaction.  Not included in this R 
	analysis.

Zip Code
Zip Code where transaction took place, if not an online transaction.  These values are 
	currently incomplete, but as of 12 July 2018 I am working to backfill so I can do some
	GIS analysis.  Not included in this R analysis.

Method of Payment
From what pool of resources was this transaction paid.  Not included in this R analysis.

Vendor
To what entity was this transaction paid.  Not included in this R analysis.

Purchaser
Did I, my wife, or both of us arrange this transaction.  Not included in this R analysis.

Good or Service
Classification of the transaction.  In an actual Accounting/ERP system, this would be 
	something like a narrative natural account number.  Not included in this R analysis.

Note/Comments
Brief narrative description of what the transaction was about/for.  Not included in this 
	R analysis.

Exp'd?
Was this transaction expensed with an employer or other.  Not included in this R analysis.

Reimb?
Is this transaction a reimbursement of a previously expensed transaction(s).  Not included
	 in this R analysis.

Recur?
Does this transaction recur regularly (minimum frequency is quarterly).  Not included in 
	this R analysis.

Traveling?
Was this transaction made while traveling away from home.  Not included in this R 
	analysis.

In Pers?
Was this transaction made in person.  Not included in this R analysis.

Debit
The Debit value of the transaction.  For my own purposes, Debit means outbound value of
	the transaction (I buy a coffee, what I pay is what I gave up/sent out for what I 
	got).  Values are numeric to two decimal places.

Credit
The Credit value of the transaction.  For my own purposes, Credit means inbound value of
	the transaction (I find $10 on the sidewalk, or I return a purchase, that's inbound
	value).  Values are numeric to two decimal places.

